[in Spanish]
Do you get a lot of visitors?
Because this is
the perfect place for entertaining.
There's a wood-burning fire pit
in the courtyard, an outdoor bar,
a second jacuzzi,
and a huge pool with a diving board.
-Could we see what's over there?
-Yes, of course. Have a look.
You won't find another property
with these amenities, acreage, or privacy,
which seems so important
to many recent buyers.
No one will bother you.
I think you understand us.
But there is one more thing.
In our line of work, we often have
to do things that are not pleasant.
But they're necessary.
And we must be able to do them
without interference...
or drawing too much attention.
You understand me?
[engine revs]
[man screams]
[man laughs]
Stand over here.
[grunts]
[man laughing]
[gasps]
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
[Rafa laughing]
[gasps]
[Rafa]
Way to go, Chapo!
I'll take it.
Do you accept cash?
Uh...
[Rodrigo Amarante's "Tuyo" playing]
[narrator in English]
So here's a few signs
your town has become the center
of a major criminal operation.
Suddenly, money's being spent all over.
Cars, planes, real estate.
Everyone's buying.
Want to avoid those long lines
at the bank?
Buy the fucking place.
Like any innovator,
Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo
saw things others didn't.
And once his dream was realized,
it seemed so obvious,
you couldn't believe
no one had thought of it before.
But they hadn't.
He just understood the game better
than anybody else.
Which made his organization better.
Ah!
[laughs]
It made them fucking winners.
By uniting the plazas
into a single organization,
Félix created Mexico's first narco union.
[siren blares]
[bleating]
-[in Spanish] It's 200?
-Yes.
[narrator] By partnering
with the traffickers' natural enemy,
he made his system virtually unstoppable.
-[in Spanish] You're good to go.
-[driver] Thank you.
[horns honking]
[cameras clicking]
[narrator in English] The cops
even gave themselves fucking medals
for taking out the competition.
[cheering and applause]
And the cash was rolling in.
So much money that Félix
actually opened accounts in the States
to manage cash flow
and protect his profits.
We're talking over $30 million a week
in the hands
of a bunch of Sinaloan cowboys.
[in Spanish] Look, Rafa.
You gotta watch this.
Al Pacino.
Scarface.
No, bro.
I'll tell you what we need to do:
build a ramp and see if we can
get this motherfucker over the pool.
Let's go!
[men chattering]
[narrator in English] What were good guys
doing while all of this was going down?
Waiting
for the wheels of bureaucracy to turn.
Specifically, a request
for Mexican surveillance flights
over the northern desert.
But after months of waiting,
proof that something big was happening
outside of Jalisco had finally arrived.
Or at least, that was the fucking plan.
[in English] The fuck is this?
[sighs]
-That's it.
-[Kiki] That's it?
We waited three months for this?
This is bullshit.
You guys know that, right?
Maybe those trucks weren't heading
to a marijuana grow.
[Sears] You know nothing
grows in the desert?
Well, it does if you irrigate it.
What'd you think all the pipes were for?
We hear anything about this
from any of our CIs?
-No.
-Nada.
All right, so the problem is we have
a U.S.-funded aerial eradication program
that says nothing's there. For miles.
If they didn't find anything,
they didn't want to.
The eradication program
is either broken or bought and paid for
-by whoever's running this fucking thing.
-[Sears] No one is running this.
It's the wild fucking west.
You read the same cables that I do.
When Pedro Avilés
and the Naranjo brothers died,
what happened to the price of weed?
It stabilized from L.A. to Houston.
Because it's coming from the same
organization, the same fucking source.
[sighs]
Your mysterious super-field.
Mexicans don't work like that, Kiki, okay?
Organized, structured. They just...
Look, no offense.
Hey. You're making some big leaps, okay?
Price of weed holding steady
for a couple of months?
Yeah, that could mean something,
but it also could just be a coincidence.
If you want, I can try
and request another recon flight.
That going to change anything?
We work with the system we got.
Well, the joke's on us,
because the system's busted.
I mean, are you guys okay with that?
Chasing some Mickey Mouse bust
while some asshole's changing the game
-right under our fucking noses?
-[Knapp] Look, man, hey,
if there's a new doper in town, sooner
or later, someone's gonna take him out.
-That's the way it works down here.
-Nothing down here works.
Enlighten us.
Do you have a plan for reversing decades
of institutional corruption or is this it?
Turns out all we needed to fix Mexico
was a well-timed temper tantrum.
Is it that you don't give a shit,
or it's been so long
you forgot what doing your job
actually looks like?
-You want to run that by me outside?
-I'd love to, pal.
-All right. Hey! Enough of this shit!
-Fuck you!
Hey, it's five o'clock. Shouldn't you be
at the Camelot drinking beers by now?
Enough! Calm down! You go for a walk.
Cool off.
Somebody should call D.C.
and tell them we surrendered Guadalajara.
[door slams]
[sighs]
[in Spanish]
We have 72 rooms and 6 suites.
I can't believe this is all yours.
-[Félix] It's an investment, Rodolfo.
-An investment?
The IBM stock I got from my father
was an investment. [chuckles]
Look, we'll put two bars
for your reception over there
so the guests can come out
and drink in the evening.
Mm.
Gabriela's going to love it.
I can't thank you enough, Miguel.
You don't have to thank me.
Thank me for what, man?
I used to watch you run around
in your underwear, terrorizing nannies.
Governor Celis. Welcome.
[chattering]
-How are you?
-Can't complain.
Three governors.
-Governor Ocaña García.
-Yes, I know who you are.
-Governor Álvarez.
-Nice to meet you.
-Governor Del Castillo Franco.
-Delighted.
Allow me to introduce our host,
Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo.
A hundred years ago, Miguel Ángel
worked as a bodyguard for my family
back when he was in the state police.
Your aunt's here. Go say hello.
Go.
Excuse me.
I'll let you finish, but maybe after,
I can show you the ballroom
we're using for the reception.
-I'd like your approval.
-We'll join you shortly.
I'll leave you to it then.
Make yourselves at home.
-Excuse me.
-Congratulations.
[Maria] You know you weren't
this nervous before we got married.
[chuckles]
And our entire wedding cost less
than the damn cake you bought.
We didn't have half the governors
of Mexico on our guest list.
Your dad paid for our wedding.
I was quite broke.
That I remember.
Miguel?
You think if you impress these people,
they're going to accept you?
I just want the wedding to be perfect.
You certainly want to impress Celis.
And what if I do?
Hmm? So?
That man was the closest thing
I had to a father.
Seriously. Am I wrong?
I owe him.
[intercom beeping]
What's up?
[woman]
Mr. Félix, you have a call.
[Félix]
I have to take this call.
I'll be home soon. Have to get up early.
For what? To inspect the imported napkins?
Oh, come on.
What's up?
[Don Neto]
Sorry to interrupt the ball, Cinderella.
We've got a problem.
[narrator in English]
There's one problem with success.
Not everyone can handle it.
When things go well, people start thinking
it's because they're so fucking smart.
But guess what happens when you
put wolves and bears on the same team?
-[in Spanish] What the fuck is this?
-Those are the leftovers.
Leftovers?
Fucking Sinaloans.
-Right.
-[narrator in English] Someone gets eaten.
[overlapping chatter]
[vehicle approaching]
-[in Spanish] The hell do you want?
-[gunshots]
Victor!
[gunshots]
[screaming]
[choking]
What the fuck?
The leftovers.
[narrator in English]
But it doesn't end there.
Because in the Mexican narcotics game,
everyone's related.
[Benjamín in Spanish] The cops
just took out Victor Molina and his crew.
They killed cousin Beto. He's dead, man.
[in Spanish] Fucking cops.
Molina family's been moving weed
since Nava's father was in diapers.
Had their thumbs on the scale
for about that long, too.
But still...
the Arellano Félix brothers
want blood for their cousin.
True.
Kid was well-liked.
Enough.
We have to get the cops back in line.
Police reform?
Are you drunk?
Seems like you don't give a shit, Neto.
I'm talking to you! Then give me an idea.
The number two guy doesn't solve problems.
He just points them out.
[chuckles]
What do you think of her?
As an actress?
No. As a date.
-Pretty hot, no?
-Yes, she's hot.
Miguel is throwing the party of the year.
I want to make the right impression
on his fancy new friends.
You're a smart guy, skinny.
You'll figure it out.
Just don't take too long.
Our guys are already asking questions.
Any of these crazy motherfuckers
start a war with the DFS...
-this thing is over and done with.
-I'll talk to Nava.
[microwave beeps]
-[Mika in English] Kiki, is that you?
-No.
You ready?
Ready for what?
-The barbecue.
-What barbecue?
You were there when Rita called.
Who the fuck is Rita?
Rita Knapp. Roger's wife.
-Roger Knapp's barbecue's tonight?
-Yes. Another case cracked.
-Come on, get ready.
-No.
-What do you mean, no?
-I mean I'm not gonna go.
[scoffs]
[pop music playing]
[chatter in background]
[distant laughs]
Oh, you all see that cable
that came in from the Mazatlán office?
You want us to keep tabs on some guy
coming in from, uh... Sinaloa?
What's his name?
Coch... Cochiloco?
Cochi-something.
I don't know. We got it.
I mean, I like that he said,
"Little chance."
Roger loved that.
[laughing]
[Ana]
Of course!
[tuning guitar]
So, you guys like those burgers?
-Of course.
-[Rita] Yeah, mine was great.
-Honey, they were really good.
-I told you, baby.
[laughs]
Have you guys seen Kiki's ID yet?
-[Rita] No. No.
-[Jaime] Mmm.
Come on, show them.
Babe, it's funny.
[Kiki clears throat]
-Is that a black eye?
-[Knapp] Let me see that, babe.
[Mika] The week Kiki got accepted
into the DEA, we're at this wedding.
Actually, we crashed it, but Calexico's
so small, everybody knows each other.
So we have a few drinks,
everything's fine.
Then this kid comes to the table to tell
his mom he can't go to the bathroom
because there was
a guy in there smoking pot.
[Rita]
Uh-oh. Busted.
[Mika] Right. So brand-new federal agent
here is like, "I got this."
-Heads off to the bathroom.
-[laughter]
-So what happened?
-Well, it wasn't one guy, it was four.
-[Knapp] Oh, I like those odds.
-[laughs]
[Mika] So he says to them,
"We can do this the easy way
or we can do it the hard way."
Turns out the easy way
was to beat the shit out of me.
All this for a joint, right?
[chuckles] So I ask him,
"Was it worth it? Are you happy now?"
And I said, "I had them on possession,
but now I have them on assault,
so damn right it was worth it."
[Sears]
Hell, yeah.
[Knapp] You know what?
That story'll make me write a song.
Called "Damn Right It Was Worth It."
[laughter]
[Kiki] Why did you tell them that story?
Because it's funny. It's who you are.
-Yeah, I don't need them to like me.
-Yeah, but I do.
I'm down here alone, Kiki.
I need to talk to other adults sometimes
to actually make friends.
And it helps if the other Americans
don't all think my husband's an asshole.
I'm not an asshole.
Not all the time.
I don't care what they think.
[siren blares]
[in Spanish]
Let's go. Get out.
[turns off engine]
[chatter over radio]
[Nava]
Come in, man.
Have something for you.
You look good.
Miguel Ángel. Agent number 1178.
This is the key that opens all the doors.
-I hear you want to talk.
-[Félix] Yeah.
This business with Victor Molina--
He crossed the line.
He was stealing from us.
You seem to have forgotten one thing.
Almost all of us are family
in this organization.
The guy you killed
is the cousin of another guy.
Another guy who is needed
for this system to work well.
So both you and I can get paid.
All right.
I'll take that under advisement.
Although... [chuckles]
...you didn't mind my methods
when I found you in Avilés' car
trying not to piss yourself. [laughs]
[sighs]
Don't let these badges fool you.
You and I are not the same.
You do your fucking job, and I'll do mine.
We're done here.
Ah. Almost forgot.
Expect a call in the next few days.
-A favor for someone important.
-A favor?
[Nava]
Just an errand.
Something needs to get
from point A to point B.
What the fuck is that supposed to mean?
Best not to ask too many questions.
I'll get you the details.
[car engine starts]
[grunts]
[pop song playing]
[Chapo] Come on, fuckers. You look
too fucking sad. Drink up, fucker.
Come on, Rafa.
[chattering]
[laughing]
Ladies.
Another round. And could you clear
some of these empty glasses?
Dance with me.
Oh, that's sweet.
But I don't want you to get in trouble.
It looks like you need the job.
-I'm not a waiter.
-What?
I'm not a fucking waiter.
[laughing]
I saw you on campus, right?
I think he kidnapped my professor.
I returned him in one piece, didn't I?
And the fucker was loaded with money.
How about it?
I have a boyfriend.
You're lying. You don't have a boyfriend.
Dance with me.
Give me one reason why not,
and I'll leave you alone.
Fine. I'll give you three.
Your shirt.
Your pants. [laughs]
And your boots. [laughs]
[girls laughing]
But we both know you like
what's underneath.
[laughing]
-What happened, buddy?
-She's a spoiled brat.
Let's drink, then.
[in Spanish] Rodolfo didn't want me
to say anything this morning.
Something about how he's been hearing me
give speeches.
Then I spoke
with his beautiful bride-to-be,
and she thought it was a wonderful idea.
Welcome to marriage, son.
[chuckling]
[in Spanish] And you're bringing in
that much money every month?
Every week.
This "important person"
who wants a favor from you...
Nava name him?
No.
You know who he's talking about?
Not a man you want knowing your name.
My organization needs Nava,
what he delivers.
But he needs to understand
that we are in this together.
And that he needs to be discreet.
He goes overboard.
Don't know how much longer
I can keep all of them happy.
Based on the numbers you describe,
you're making real money, Miguel.
The cut you deliver doesn't stop with him.
Nava's got lots of mouths to feed,
which means you have leverage.
Uh... Sounds good.
I'll see you later.
[in Spanish]
Here comes a thirsty man.
[in English] If the cheapest gringo I know
is gonna buy me a drink,
that shit is gonna cost me something,
right?
[Jaime chuckles]
[Jaime] What happened to all those
big-ass Cessnas we had lining that runway?
U.S.-funded Cessnas. Where'd they go?
Less than a third of the program's planes
are operational.
The rest have been junked,
sold the spare parts. Pieces of shit.
Same old, same old. [laughs]
[Jaime]
But you guys still do fly, right?
[mariachi music playing]
This is just me asking, Fredo.
Yeah, we fly sometimes.
We also take pictures.
But only when they tell us to.
You, um...
You seen these?
Yes, I've seen them.
I took them.
See this number right here?
The Z? It's Zavala.
That's my ID.
[chuckles]
But that was over a year ago.
A year ago?
Yeah, at least.
That's what you're looking for?
Yeah.
You want another beer?
Sure, why not. You're buying.
-[in Spanish] Señor! Two more!
-Three!
[car engine starts]
[chatter in Spanish]
[Chilo Escobedo's "Dame Amor" playing]
[in Spanish]
I'll have a beer.
[mariachi music playing]
Take one.
Or else I'll finish the whole pack.
[man on TV in English] How do I know
you're not a chivato, too, Tony?
Hey, Sosa.
[in Spanish] Waiter?
[in English]
Let's get this straight, now.
[in Spanish]
Are you fucking serious?
A waiter.
[in English] I never fucked anybody over
who didn't have it coming.
[in Spanish] I could buy
that fucking nightclub. Stupid brat.
[in English] ...and my word and I don't
break them for no one. You understand?
That piece of shit up there,
I never liked him, I never trusted him.
For all I know, he had me set up
and had my friend Angel Fernandez killed.
But that's history. I'm here, he's not.
You want to go on with me, say it.
You don't, then you make a move.
[chuckles]
[Kiki in Spanish]
And they put me on a bus, shipped me home.
[exhales]
Didn't even get to say goodbye to my wife.
And she's pregnant.
[ranchera music playing]
Where did you say you are from?
Michoacán.
Doesn't sound like it.
[in accented English]
Speak English too long.
[Kiki laughs]
[in Spanish]
Hey, any work around here?
I'm a hard worker.
Just need enough money to get north again.
No.
I don't know about any work.
Go ahead.
-You sure?
-Yes.
[phone rings]
-[in English] Hello?
-Oh, hey, babe.
Hey.
Hey, so I won't be able
to make it home tonight.
Are you okay?
No, I'm fine. I'm just on a job.
-Okay. Be careful.
-I will be.
-I love you.
-Love you too.
Okay, bye.
[vehicle approaching]
[tires skid]
[engine stops]
[door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
[rooster cocking]
[man in Spanish]
Heads up. The buses are coming.
All right, everyone.
Start forming a line over here.
Quickly.
Move it.
Speed it up.
Hold up. I don't know you.
[man]
I know him.
He's my nephew from Michoacán.
Had trouble up north, but...
he's a hard worker.
From Michoacán.
Okay, get on the bus.
Go!
[whispers] Thanks.
You owe me half your pay.
Every day you work.
Put the bag on.
Don't take it off until they tell you to.
[man]
All right, fuckers.
Time to get to work.
[man]
Take them off!
Take off your hoods.
Let's go. Get off the bus.
Hurry up.
[man] Come on!
Time to work!
They'll give you your tools.
You know what to do.
Hurry up, we don't have much time.
Our crew works one of the northern fields.
Ever pick weed before?
I'll show you what to do. Follow me.
[Sears in English] The Mazatlán office
must have a real hard-on for this asshole.
[Knapp] Cochiloco.
"Crazy Pig."
Damn, that's a good fucking nickname.
[Sears]
Disco, whorehouse, barbershop.
Guy's hitting the dirt-bag trifecta.
You think he likes it?
I mean, when they gave it to him,
you think he was like,
"Cool. Cochiloco. That's me."
[phone rings]
[in English] Hello.
-Jaime. Ed Heath.
-Thanks for getting back to me, Ed.
Well, uh, a couple of months ago,
we, uh... we asked the eradication guys
to do a fly-over in the desert
outside of Guadalajara.
And we finally got the pictures back.
Uh-huh.
They're at least a year old.
And no flights have been ordered
over that area since that time.
-So what are you saying?
-The eradication program's bullshit.
I mean, it's a fraud,
or at least it's been compromised.
The thing is, Jaime... [ sighs]
...that's a bit of a complicated knot
you're tugging on there.
I don't understand.
Well, as far as the Mexican government
is concerned, the program works fine.
-I think that's the problem--
-And the State Department agrees.
It's considered a model program.
They see it as "strong evidence
of the successful partnership
between our two governments."
That's a direct quote from State.
I see.
Jaime, we're guests down here.
And people don't like it when guests
start nosing through the cupboards.
You understand
where I'm pointing at with this one?
Yeah, I do. I do. That...
That all tracks on this end.
Good. [sighs] Good.
Look, I don't like it any more than you,
but this is the deal.
Yes, sir.
I appreciate you taking the time.
[in Spanish]
Your hands will get used to it.
[sighs]
How big is this place?
I've never seen the end of it.
You should eat.
It's all we get for the rest of the day.
-[El Azul] Cuco.
-[Cuco] What's up, boss?
[El Azul]
Where is Rafa?
[Cuco]
He had an emergency in the city.
[El Azul] We came out here
and that motherfucker's in the city?
-[Tomás] Just ask for the inventory.
-[El Azul] Show me the inventory.
Pepe!
Bring the inventory list and two beers.
Make sure they're cold. It's fucking hot.
[bell rings]
[man]
Back to work, fuckers.
[chattering]
[dialing rotary phone]
[in Spanish] It's me.
Listen-- Listen to me!
You want payback, right?
Come to my hotel tonight.
Tell them you're my personal guest.
And dress nice.
I'm serious.
Okay, then.
[Félix]
I have a job for you.
Get some men.
[bell rings]
[man in Spanish]
Time to go. Move it.
That's it.
Michoacán. Back to the bus.
Look at these poor fuckers.
Working under the sun all fucking day.
Hold on.
Wait for me right here.
[Tomás]
Where are you going, boss?
[man] Let's go.
Let's go.
[man] Hoods on.
[Tomás] Boss!
Rafa is on the phone!
Be right there.
[bus engine starts]
[sighs]
[in English]
What is this asshole up to now?
What the fuck?
[Sears] Jesus.
[in Spanish]
You look very handsome, my love.
You look good, too.
Are you ready?
[man]
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr. and Mrs. Rodolfo Celis invite you
to join them on the dance floor!
[band music playing]
[chattering]
[Sears in English]
What the fuck is this guy doing?
What kind of party
did shit-bird make the cut on?
Hope you got
your dancing shoes, there, Butch.
-Find a place to park.
-Yup.
[chattering]
Ah!
[in Spanish] Sit down.
[speaking indistinctly]
[in Spanish]
See you tomorrow, Michoacán.
[phone rings]
-[in English] DEA.
-Hey, it's Kiki. Where's Kuykendall?
Kiki, where've you been?
We've been looking for you.
Mika's in labor. She's at the hospital.
[band music playing]
[laughing]
[in Spanish]
My queen was thirsty.
Always.
-How about we have another drink?
-You want another one?
Excuse me.
What's up?
We gonna have a problem?
I have to go get a martini, my friend.
-What's wrong with your brother?
-[Benjamín] He's pissed.
Ladies and gentlemen,
thanks for being here.
I would like to ask you
to go downstairs to your tables.
The party is better down there.
Thank you.
I didn't know
they allowed assholes at the party.
Hey, put that down!
Hey, Ramon! Don't do something stupid.
I brought you here to listen, not talk.
Tie up your mutts.
That goes for all of you.
Let's see, Mr. Nava.
You received some cash today.
For the second time,
the envelope was light. Right?
And in response,
you decided to make another point.
Something to teach them a lesson.
Show what happens to men who disobey you.
Check all the rooms.
Search the property.
[Félix]
Thing is, Comandante...
so did I.
Good evening.
Your weapons, gentlemen.
Fucking chinolo. You set me up.
The brothers want blood.
And that's fair.
So you'll get the man responsible
for your cousin's death.
[grunting]
[Nava] What makes you so sure
I'll accept these terms?
[scoffs] You have to understand something.
We are the ones that grow it.
You make sure nobody fucks with it.
That's it.
And I run the show.
Without me, you got nothing.
But if you want,
we can throw away everything.
And then you can explain to all the men
on your payroll why their money is gone.
As long as the money is coming in,
Don Miguel.
But the minute it's not,
I'll be the one
putting a bullet in your face.
I want you to go back downstairs
and sit at that table,
so that everyone sees
you having a drink together.
Because this is over.
It's over. Understood?
One more thing.
You can tell this "someone important"
I'm not in the business of doing favors.
Now we are done here.
What's up, Ramon?
I told you to dress nice, fucker.
This is nice.
Ramon.
[Félix]
Never forget where you come from.
We Sinaloans may scatter to the winds,
but our roots
keep us planted firmly on the ground.
Know that today,
you have taken part in a sacred act.
"The blood of the covenant
is thicker than the water of the womb."
There is no stronger bond
than that of the family you choose.
And today, you decided to be together,
to be a family.
You're screwed.
[all chuckle]
So, cheers,
and long live the bride and groom.
[cheering and applause]
[Celis]
One more thing, if I may.
What politician can resist a microphone?
[all chuckle]
As father of the groom, I'd like
to take a moment to thank our host.
When I first met Miguel Ángel,
all he had to his name
was a pistol and a badge
and someone had to loan him
the money for the gun.
[Celis chuckles]
As Rodolfo's friend,
this man loved and protected my son
like his own.
For that, I have always been grateful.
Now, standing here tonight
in his beautiful hotel,
seeing the man he's become,
and the success he's achieved...
I'm also proud. Beyond measure.
Let's raise a glass.
To my old friend,
one of Guadalajara's rising stars,
Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo.
For my godfather!
[cheering and applause]
[in Spanish]
Kiki, she's in labor.
-Where is she?
-In the operating room. This way.
Hey, you can't be in here.
-It's okay. He's my husband.
-[in English] Hey, baby.
[nurse in Spanish] He has to clean
and wash, please.
-[chuckles]
-[in English] You look beautiful.
I love you, baby. I love you.
[band music playing]
[in Spanish] Dance?
Don't look at her. I'm talking to you.
Sorry, man. I just beat you to it.
Shall we?
[mariachi music playing]
[chattering]
[singing in Spanish]
Looks like your problems got resolved.
Took a friend's advice.
Thank you, sir. For everything.
[cheering]
$100,000 for the other governors.
$200,000 for me.
My advice isn't free.
Neither is my friendship.
Have the money delivered
to our rooms tonight.
What did you think?
Just because you bought a hotel, a few
banks, doesn't change how things work.
Or who you are under that suit.
Don't forget who you really are.
This is how business is done...
my son.
[grunts]
This motherfucker needs to see my face.
[groans]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[in Spanish] I called Maria
so she could take care of Kikito.
And Antonio brought me.
She wanted to drive herself here,
but I didn't let her.
[whispers] He came early.
He wasn't supposed to be born yet.
[in English] I'm sorry.
It's okay. You're here.
[Mika chuckles]
[clears throat]
[in Spanish]
I'm going to call Maria. I'll be back.
Thank you.
[in English] Look at my boy.
He came out when he wanted to.
Stubborn. Like his dad.
Work didn't know where you were.
You want to check in with them?
Mm-mmm.
Nah, I just want to sit here a while.
With my baby boy.
[church bells ringing]
-[Kiki in English] Hey, Suzy. Is he in?
-Yeah. Congratulations, Kiki.
Oh, thank you.
[Kiki] Sir.
I picked this myself,
200 miles north of the city.
The eradication program is bullshit.
Brass know that?
[chuckles] Christ.
I don't know what they know.
-You can see it from outer space.
-I believe you.
But if you ever do something as stupid
as going up there alone again,
you can pack your shit,
'cause I'm sending you home.
Yes, sir.
-Desert dope?
-[Kiki] Yep.
I tried to tell you.
Everyone's involved. The DFS.
Jalisco P.D. Everyone.
[Jaime] You add whoever's running
the eradication program,
we got ourselves a conspiracy.
Well, that conspiracy threw itself
one hell of a party last night.
I bought these off
the wedding photographer.
We got ourselves...
governors, senators,
brand-name big shots
like the head of the DFS...
and a who's who of Sinaloan dirt-bags.
I've never seen so many assholes
under one roof.
Someone is making them all sing in tune.
Running dope like it's a corporation.
All right, well,
who's our Lee Iacocca then?
Who's that guy?
The skinny dude getting his ass kissed?
[Knapp] Sinaloan.
Owned the hotel, plus a bunch
of other shit in the town,
and he was definitely
the El Padrino at this thing.
[Jaime] The Godfather.
-[Kiki] What's his name?
-[Knapp] Miguel Félix Gallardo.
[Kiki] That's him.
That's our guy.